fix: add note for resume the suspend schedule due to reach "Max Failure" (#700)
harvester/docs: docs/vm/backup-restore.md

  
  Harvester does not allow you to resume a suspended schedule for backup creation if the backup target is not reachable.

  :::note

>   Suppose the schedule is suspended due to the number of consecutive failed backup or snapshot creation attempts exceeding the **Max Failure**, after ensuring snapshots/backups can be created successfully (e.q. backup target is back to online). In that case, the user has to resume the schedule explicitly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  If a schedule was automatically suspended because the **Max Failure** value was exceeded, you must explicitly resume that schedule after verifying that the backup target is reachable.
```

Reviewer: > after ensuring snapshots/backups can be created successfully

This part is vague. What other steps can the users take to ensure that snapshots and backups can be created?

Author: > you must explicitly resume that schedule after verifying that the backup target is reachable

The backup target is only required VM Backup. 

> What other steps can the users take to ensure that snapshots and backups can be created

During the schedule is suspended, the user can create a new VM backup/snapshot to check. I will update such information, thanks.

>   If a schedule was automatically suspended because the **Max Failure** value was exceeded, you must explicitly resume that schedule after verifying that the backup/snapshot can be created successfully. For exmaple, when the backup target is back online from the previous disconnection, the user can manually create a backup and check the result first.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  If a schedule was automatically suspended because the **Max Failure** value was exceeded, you must explicitly resume that schedule after verifying that the backup/snapshot can be created successfully. For example, when the backup target is back online from the previous disconnection, the user can manually create a backup and check the result first.
```

Author: Updated per suggestion, thanks @ihcsim
